Update cabling_V2.md (#38)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/icub_tendons/cabling_V2.md

| ------------- | -------------- |
| <img src='../img/HAND_WRIST_V2/R_wrist_label.png' > | <img src='../img/HAND_WRIST_V2/L_wrist_label.png' > |

To get more details on how to rewire them, please follow this [link](wrist_hand_cabling_V2.md#13-wrist-passive-tendons).

### 		3.7	TEST - MOTION

> Every single motor listed below need to be tested at the end of the cabling to unsure the perfect motion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every single motor listed below needs to be tested at the end of the cabling to ensure the perfect motion.
```
